# Electro - A sample bill tracking web application

This app is a very simplifed bill tracker that stores electricity bill amounts in a MySQL database and is organized by date of the payment.

The purpose of this app is actually meant to showcase my abilites with various frameworks across several programming languages. The app's backend is built several times with Slim, Laravel, Express, Flask, Django, Spark, and ASP.NET Core, each backend performing roughly the same tasks as a json REST API. The backends use a login API endpoint to accept credentials, which subsequently start a session and provide a csrf token for every request, verifying mutating requests with it (POST, PUT, DELETE) until the user has logged out. In addition to providing the API endpoints and the session component, logging mechanisms have been implemented to mark any errors that occur while the application is running.

The front end is build with Vue and Bulma. Originally, I also planned to rebuild the front end with React/Bootstrap and Angular/Foundation, but ultimately, because of webpack version conflicts with the cli tools that each framework has, React and Angular had to be skipped. The Vue front end does not currently connect to any of the backends and simply uses in memory sample data to show the app as it would normally run. I may plan to update this in the future so that the front end is tested to work and connect with any backend.

This project is not meant to be a thorough, completed work and is just meant to showcase my minimal experience with each framework to potential interviewers/recruiters. You may find that certain things have been omitted, there could be bugs, lack of some unit tests for certain frameworks, and unusual ways of organizing things. If you have any questions about how anything is set up, don't hesitate to ask. If you plan to use this as a scaffolding for another project or a reference of some sort, I am providing this project "as-is", so if you run into any bugs, I take no responsibility for it.